feat: Add formEnctype support in data provider to force multipart encoding (#389)
api-platform/admin: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 2.6.5

> * Accept 'formEnctype: multipart' in data passed to data provider to force multipart encoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Accept 'formEnctype: multipart/form-data' in data passed to data provider to force multipart encoding.
```
